worries as a junior also more fresh for use as a junior also yeah why
do you know the first day of going through the ship you're gonna you're
gonna select the ship to go to new duty station and is the first
day yeah well so far and one of them like deal here why was I the guy
to go they also built or if there's a social policy yeah well no
one maybe if you but as a bid for the two of them maybe decided you
are the right person to build in that job so we say you got the whole
school for all I want both of you so that will do the job and and
one brother well step but it's all slowly is that far your farm as for
the generals general heighten struck out if you want to be far more
souls of fire but okay well it's kind of hard to be a far more full
the farmer happens it happens yeah you want will go on trial and
that is what she said but on the first day of new command but it is
in the profit the thought and that's what they'll be over before you
know it then we have the seven day the seven day a week